README.md, before:

# fulib.org

[![Java CI](https://github.com/fujaba/fulib.org/workflows/Java%20CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/fujaba/fulib.org/actions)

A web app for [fulibScenarios](https://github.com/fujaba/fulibScenarios).
Available at https://www.fulib.org.

## Building & Running

### General

You can simply set up this project after cloning using the Gradle import feature of your IDE.

### MongoDB

Note that in order to run the server locally, you need to install MongoDB (server).
Then, create a user (with `mongosh`):

```js
db.createUser({
  user: "fulibDotOrg",
  pwd: "fulibDotOrg",
  roles: [
    { role: "readWrite", db: "fulib-org" }
  ]
})
```

> You can also select your own username and password.

Make sure you set the following environment variables before running:

```properties
FULIB_ORG_MONGODB_USER=fulibDotOrg
FULIB_ORG_MONGODB_HOST=localhost
FULIB_ORG_MONGODB_PASSWORD=fulibDotOrg
```

> If you selected a custom username and password in the step above,
> use them instead of `fulibDotOrg` in the env variables, too!

IntelliJ users can also use the predefined run configurations with the above environment variables already set.

## License

[MIT](LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

docs: Add new environment variables to ReadMe and Backend launch config

README.md, after:

# fulib.org

[![Java CI](https://github.com/fujaba/fulib.org/workflows/Java%20CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/fujaba/fulib.org/actions)

A web app for [fulibScenarios](https://github.com/fujaba/fulibScenarios).
Available at https://www.fulib.org.

## Building & Running

### General

You can simply set up this project after cloning using the Gradle import feature of your IDE.

To run the backend with Projects, you need to set the following environment variables:

```
FULIB_PROJECTS_URL=http://host.docker.internal:4567
FULIB_PROJECTS_PROXY_URL=http://localhost:8080
```

You can start the Project Proxy by running `docker compose up` in the `projects-proxy` directory.

### MongoDB

Note that in order to run the server locally, you need to install MongoDB (server).
Then, create a user (with `mongosh`):

```js
db.createUser({
  user: "fulibDotOrg",
  pwd: "fulibDotOrg",
  roles: [
    { role: "readWrite", db: "fulib-org" }
  ]
})
```

> You can also select your own username and password.

Make sure you set the following environment variables before running:

```properties
FULIB_ORG_MONGODB_USER=fulibDotOrg
FULIB_ORG_MONGODB_HOST=localhost
FULIB_ORG_MONGODB_PASSWORD=fulibDotOrg
```

> If you selected a custom username and password in the step above,
> use them instead of `fulibDotOrg` in the env variables, too!

IntelliJ users can also use the predefined run configurations with the above environment variables already set.

## License

[MIT](LICENSE.md)
